Update MAGs-generation to 0.5 (#1221)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/microbiome/mags-building/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.5] - 2026-26-04

- **metaSPAdes** now can use optional long reads as input

> - remove certain steps of the workflow into sub-workflows for example taxonomy annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- remove non-main MAGs steps from the workflow (genome annotation, taxonomy annotation) they are now in seperate workflows, that can be used optionally downstream of the main workflow
```
